add note about ensuring Umbraco Forms version compatibility (#6807)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-forms/installation/install.md

    ```
     dotnet run
    ```
    
{% hint style="info" %}

> **Note:** Ensure that the version of Umbraco Forms is compatible with the version of Umbraco you are using. For example, if you are using Umbraco 10, you should use Umbraco.Forms version 10.5.7 or a compatible version.

Reviewer: Made some minor changes, to simplify the wording a bit.

```suggestion
Ensure that the version of Umbraco Forms is compatible with the Umbraco CMS version of your project.

Example: If you are using Umbraco 10, you should the latest version of Umbraco Forms 10.
```
